<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    
<h:head>
	<title>About Us - Java Beans</title>
	<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="bootstrap.min.css" />
</h:head>
<h:body>

	<!--Navigation Bar-->
	<ui:include src="/pages/templates/navbar-guest.xhtml" />
	<br/>
	
	<!-- Container -->
	<div class="container">
	
		<h2 class="text-center">About Us</h2>
		<br/>
		
		<h:graphicImage library="img/placeholders" name="placeholder-gray.PNG" 
			styleClass="d-block w-100 h-50" alt="Placeholder"/>
		<br/>
		
		<!-- Content Row -->
		<div class="row">
		
			<!-- Left Empty Column -->
			<div class="col-3"></div>
			
			<div class="col-6">
				<p class="text-center">
					Java Beans is a group of people who are deeply passionate 
					about coffee. We want to spread our love and passion for 
					coffee and let people learn and be a part of the growing 
					coffee culture. In order to make this happen, our goal is 
					to make the highest quality coffee beans and equipment
					available and accessible to everyone. We want people to
					make and experience coffee at its finest.
				</p>
			</div>
			
			<!-- Right Empty Column -->
			<div class="col-3"></div>
			
		<!-- End of Content Row -->
		</div>
		<br/>
		
		<!-- Content Row -->
		<div class="row">
		
			<div class="col-6 d-flex align-items-center">
				<p class="text-center">
					We have partnered with the leading coffee traders and
					equipment manufacturers in the world and we're bringing
					them to you! Shop and enjoy different varieties of coffee
					beans hailing from coffee growing regions like Brazil,
					Vietnam, Colombia, Indonesia and Ethiopia. Pick your
					preferred type of coffee beans, your favorite roasts,
					experiment with different coffee blends or enjoy single
					origin coffee. Make that perfect cup of coffee with
					equipment from established brands like Hario, Chemex and
					Aeropress. Looking to open your own cafe? Get your
					equipment from us! 
				</p>
			</div>
			
			<div class="col-6">
				<h:graphicImage library="img/placeholders" 
					name="placeholder-gray.PNG" styleClass="d-block w-100" 
					alt="Placeholder"/>
			</div>
			
		<!-- End of Content -->
		</div>
		<br/><br/>
		
		<!-- Content Row -->
		<div class="row">
		
			<div class="col-6">
				<h3 class="text-center">Mission</h3>
				<hr/>
				<br/>
				
				<p>
					Our mission is to make high quality coffee beans and
					equipment available and accessible to consumers
				</p>
			</div>
			
			<div class="col-6">
				<h3 class="text-center">Vision</h3>
				<hr/>
				<br/>
				
				<p>
					Our vision is to increase growth of coffee culture in the
					Philippines and make more people aware that they can make
					great coffee on their own and experience it at the comfort
					of their home or office.
				</p>
			</div>
		
		<!-- End of Content -->
		</div>
		<br/>
	
	<!-- End of Container -->
	</div>
	
	<!-- Footer -->
	<ui:include src="/pages/templates/footer.xhtml" />
		
	<h:outputScript library="js" name="jquery.js" />
	<h:outputScript library="js" name="bootstrap.bundle.min.js" />
	<h:outputScript library="js" name="bootstrap.min.js" />
</h:body>

</html>